Report Structure - Ruby Rosenthal, Andrea Pattunjel, Juan Ruiz Pozuelo, Kit Logan

--> Section 1: System Design (40pts)

Architecture of entire system
	Assigned to: ALL

Object Orientated design of key subsystems
	Assigned to: IND. SUBSYSTEMS

Requirements of key subsystems
	Assigned to: IND. SUBSYSTEMS
	In the form of selected user stories
	QUESTION: ‘user stories’ - these are hypothetical use journeys which helped define 	exactly what each subsystem needed to do?

Evolution of UI wireframes for key subsystems
	Assigned to: IND. SUBSYSTEMS

Details of communication protocols in use
	Assigned to: ALL
	Including rational for your choice
	MQTT for all?

Details of data persistence mechanisms in use
	Assigned to: Juan/Kit - data persistence occurs on the desktop app only
	QUESTION - is it ok that data persistence occurs only on desktop app?

Details of web technologies in use
	Assigned to: Ruby/Andrea - know the most about the different web techs!
	Including rationale for your choice


--> Section 2: System Implementation (40 pts)

Breakdown of project into sprints(?)
	Assigned to: ALL
	Showing the user stories implemented in each
	QUESTION: what is a sprint? 
	QUESTION: These user stories - non-hypothetical description of how a user uses our 	system. Will it be very similar to the ones above?

Details of how you evaluated your designs
	Assigned to: IND. SUBSYSTEMS
	Techniques used & awareness of their limitations

Discussion of Social and Ethical implications of the work
	Assigned to: ALL
	…?


--> Section 3: Project Evaluation (20pts)

Reflective discussion of success of project
	Assigned to: ALL
	QUESTION: is it good to discuss this in terms of learning objectives?
	i.e. coronavirus messed us around, but we were still able to achieve the ILOs of 	the course

Discussion of future work 
	Assigned to: ALL
	In terms of design, development, evaluation

Reflect on the working practices of your group, how well the did or did not work
	Assigned to: ALL

Chance to reflect on how coronavirus has affected your project (remote working practices etc)
	QUESTION: is this final point d its own point, or is it saying that coronavirus 	effects should be discussed throughout section 3?
